DOCSP-30862 Document excluded-by-default databases and collections (#131)
mongodb/docs-commandline-tools: source/mongodump.txt

Reviewer: Drafted ``local`` handling and distinguished handling of the ``admin`` database if the user is/isn't connected to an Atlas proxy

Author: @nvillahermosa-mdb I had it in the first draft, but during content restructuring, this got left out. Thanks for catching this.

Data Exclusion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you specify both the :option:`--db <mongodump --db>` and the
:option:`--collection <mongodump --collection>` options, ``mongodump``
dumps the specified collection.

If you only specify the :option:`--db <mongodump --db>` option,
``mongodump`` dumps that database with the following exclusions:

> - If the value of ``--db`` is ``admin``, ``mongodump`` excludes the
>   ``system.keys`` collection. 

Reviewer: Suggest splitting this into behavior when user is/isn't connected to an Atlas proxy:

```suggestion
- If the value of ``--db`` is ``admin``:
  - If you aren't connected to an Atlas Proxy, ``mongodump`` dumps the database but 
    excludes the ``system.keys`` collection. 
  - If you're connected to an Atlas Proxy, ``mongodump`` attempts to dump the database 
    but errors out.
```

- If the value of ``--db`` is ``config``, ``mongodump`` dumps all
  collections in that database. 

>   

Reviewer: Suggest adding local handling:
```suggestion
  - If the value of ``--db`` is ``local``, ``mongodump`` dumps all collections in that database. 
  
```

>   If you don't explicitly specify the ``config`` database as the value
>   for the  ``--db`` option or if you omit the ``--db`` option,
>   ``mongodump`` only includes the following collections in the output
>   for the ``config`` database: 
> 
>   - ``chunks``
>   - ``collections``
>   - ``databases``
>   - ``settings``
>   - ``shards``
>   - ``tags``
>   - ``version``

Reviewer: Explicitly specifying --db config/admin is documented above, so that's implicit in the list below

```suggestion
  If you omit the ``--db`` option:
  - ``mongodump`` excludes the ``local`` database.
  - ``mongodump`` only includes the following collections in the output
    for the ``config`` database: 

    - ``chunks``
    - ``collections``
    - ``databases``
    - ``settings``
    - ``shards``
    - ``tags``
    - ``version``
    
  - If you're connected to an Atlas Proxy, ``mongodump`` excludes the ``admin`` 
    database.
```

Data Exclusion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you specify both the :option:`--db <mongodump --db>` and
> :option:`--collection <mongodump --collection>` options, ``mongodump``
> dumps everything and doesn't exclude anything in the collection except
> the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you specify both the :option:`--db <mongodump --db>` without the
:option:`--collection <mongodump --collection>` option, ``mongodump``
dumps everything in that database except the following:
```

> - The ``admin.system.keys`` collection 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The ``admin.system.keys`` collection when dumping the ``admin`` database
```

> - The collection that starts with ``system.`` in all databases except
>   for the collection named ``system.js``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For all databases besides ``admin`` and ``config``, collections that start with ``system.``, except for ``system.js``
```

If you don't specify the :option:`--db <mongodump --db>` option,
:binary:`~bin.mongodump` excludes the following in its output:  

- The entire ``local`` database 
- The entire ``admin`` database if you are connected to an Atlas
  cluster. 

  .. note:: ``mongodump`` returns an error if you specify the 

>    ``admin`` database as value for the ``--db`` option. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   ``admin`` database as the value for the ``--db`` option. 
```

> If you specify the ``config`` database as value for the ``--db`` option,
> ``mongodump`` dumps everything in that database. If you don't explicitly
> specify the ``config`` database as value for the  ``--db`` option,
> ``mongodump`` only includes the following collections in the output: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you specify the ``config`` database as the value for the ``--db`` option,
``mongodump`` dumps everything in that database. If you don't explicitly
specify the ``config`` database as the value for the  ``--db`` option,
``mongodump`` only includes the following collections in the output: 
```

Data Exclusion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you specify both the :option:`--db <mongodump --db>` and the
:option:`--collection <mongodump --collection>` options, ``mongodump``
dumps the specified collection.

If you only specify the :option:`--db <mongodump --db>` option,
``mongodump`` dumps that database with the following exclusions:

- If the value of ``--db`` is ``admin``:

  - If you aren't connected to an Atlas Proxy, ``mongodump`` dumps the
    database but excludes the ``system.keys`` collection. 
  - If you're connected to an Atlas Proxy, ``mongodump`` attempts to
    dump the database but errors out.

- If the value of ``--db`` is ``config``, ``mongodump`` dumps all
  collections in that database. 

- If the value of ``--db`` is ``local``, ``mongodump`` dumps all

>     collections in that database.  

Reviewer: This line is rendering as bold, might be an indentation issue?

> - If you omit the ``--db`` option:

Reviewer: These should be moved out one level so that "If you omit the db option" isn't part of the list.
